What does a baby computer call his father? "Da-ta."
What are laptops' favorite snacks? Computer chips.
Why does the computer keep coughing? It has a virus.
Why is the spider such a good computer programmer? It knows all about the web.
Why shouldn't you be scared of what you get when you cross a computer with a dog? Its bark is worse than its byte.
Why did the computer go to the opticians? It needed to improve its web-sight.
Why was the computer bad at tennis? It tried to surf the net.
How do trees get on computers? They log on.
What is an alien's favorite key on a keyboard? The space bar.
Why did the PowerPoint presentation cross the road? To get to the other slide.
What do doors, pianos, and computers all have in common? They have keys.
Why was the computer late? It had a hard drive.
Who did the computer call when it was in trouble? A screen-saver.
How did the burglar steal the computer's things? It had left a window open.
How did the prisoner escape computer jail? He pressed the escape key.
What’s a computer geek’s favorite snack? Microchips.
How did the surfer break his computer? He tried to surf the web.
Why was the computer so chilly? Someone left the window open.
Why did the duck put his feet in the computer? He wanted webbed feet.
Why did the chicken cross the keyboard? To get to the other website.
Who chases computer criminals? A hacker-tracker.
What does Steve Jobs like to order from McDonald's? A big Mac.
What do people who like waterproof clothing and Apple Geniuses have in common? They like macs.
How did the computer escape when it was locked in the house? He got a window open.
What's the woodcutter's favorite bit of his new computer? Logging in.
How many computer programmers are needed to put in a light bulb? None, it's a hardware issue.
What do you get when you cross a computer with a crocodile? A mega biter.
What do you get when you cross a computer with a freezer? Cold, hard data.
If the internet had a boat, where would they park it? In Google Docs.
I was having trouble with my internet at the farm, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable Wi-Fi.
Why was the website so good at tennis? It had a great server.
What do you get when you cross a computer and a life guard? A screensaver.
Why is a computer so smart? It listens to its motherboard.
What is the astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The space bar.